add in support guide (#8936)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/support/_index.md

> ---
> title: Get help and support
> description: Get help, training, and other forms of support.
> weight: 900
> icon: handshake
> ---
> 

Reviewer: This formatting does not work for this hugo theme, but the following did for me locally:
```suggestion
---
title: Get help and support
description: Get help, training, and other forms of support.
weight: 175
---

Get help, training, and other forms of support.

{{% children description="true" %}}
```
